Director, don't look for me for two days
I'm afraid of what?
You didn't kill people
I always feel like I'm doing something wrong
I feel bad.
I'm not here to discuss with you
You think, people are dead
Anyway, there is no proof of death, right?
Director, you want to kill me alive
Don't talk nonsense, then how can I give up on you?
What do you mean?
I'm sorry, I can only sacrifice you.
You think, the police will eventually find you
For the sake of the bigger picture
And for yourself
I don't have to tell you.
Xiaotong, what's your situation?
I don't want to do it anymore.
You are Tang Lu's assistant
Is there any mistake?
Tang Lu is gone, why should I keep it?
Tang Lu is temporarily suspended
Not resignation
You can't escape death in a place like this
Hey, aren't you that assistant?
What about your lawyer Tang?
Why isn't he answering the phone?
Tang Lu has been suspended
Then what should I do?